what's up guys hmm we're gonna do the
baby food challenge today sorry for any
background noise or the yellow be
sliding it's Emma's house d Andre's
house red yonder not you know him his
family's playing spades and they're
being loud you're all alright we've got
the Easton baby home we got our own
spoons from the dollar tree or a two for
a dollar um we have seven baby foods and
Dioner is gonna choose one randomly
first and we'll go from there I'm told
mom I'd osasuna cheese right it always
takes the applesauce one like no no
close your eyes go okay girl bananas
using a who's gonna be good so just sure
no it doesn't this was like all right
you can go first you opened it no you
Josie you go first you can give me some
very soon okay look how thick you do owe
me a job damn right okay you're nice
he's not too bad he's kind of good to me
it's good and nasty Oh where's the trash
me no way dream yeah I know you can see
that okay all right she's back after
spitting it out DeAndre he's mad at all
the time okay think about it when Anna
was it was good and nasty they did not
it was pretty good don't Larry buddy if
you had a few hundred you have the money
go pick up some diet suggest cat food
Kathleen they have better nutrition
ramen noodles I understand my babies you
making that face in the EU okay you
still hiding this nice function of this
I shouldn't be that bad asifa's is sleep
at eight O's but tattoos yeah you're on
the wholesome it doesn't it smells like
yams yep ravioli you say 200 if there's
like 0 ravioli loose wobble day no
oh my god I'll never get anything you oh
my god that was terrible it smells way
better than it tastes it smells horrible
it smells like cinnamon okay go either
way you gotta eat it come on Carly what
is that oh jeez deal then we're gonna
die you can run this am I eat it you yes
you are okay banana was nastier than see
the tail looks like you picked the thing
is you pick the flavor feel like water
and peas he's like pee water it's not as
bad as I thought it Willie was it's
actually the best one out of all that
she's lying the bananas hobby okay well
this is better than sweet potato Oh
applesauce I turn our attention to it it
really shouldn't if it's good i'm eating
the whole jar because i need something
good you should go yeah it's good
vicious applesauce everybody knows what
episode stays like next one pretty good
do you close your eyes no like you're
coming like a pity that was fighting
around oh oh oh it smells like
Thanksgiving get a like smelly it sounds
like the sweet potato not really it's
not
you chew that is not enough this is glad
to be terrible he's gonna finger oh man
it looks water-based ready mmm it is an
instant can you edit it down support
okay that was the nicest thing ever that
was really bad and it smells just as bad
as the taste someone bread ok the last
too late really cannot be that bad yes
we have good mode we have hairs and
apple strawberry banana yes either way
we just let's go with this one first no
first no okay I don't care so you know
lately you were like one years old when
I was like eight I use some ammonia use
it sit ok we have pairs as a last one
kind of gritty quick yeah I wouldn't
hear it again but it ain't bad the last
was a dancer I mean I have a terrible
aftertaste but it was real I just wanted
to face the applesauce one you want to
try to do something was really good
don't light green be no remover I always
remember what that little silly but take
babies yeah i know we gonna do with that
really nice that's it thanks for
watching oh yeah yeah subscribe like
comment request stuff i like